# Game of Life #

Implementation of the [Conway's Game of Life](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_Game_of_Life) in Python.

## Usage ##

1. Clone this repository.
2. Run `game-of-life.py FILE`, where `FILE` is the input game.
3. The script periodically prints the game and updates it.

A game is a text file containing a rectangular lattice, where `x` denotes a live cell and ` ` (space) denotes a dead cell.

Example:
                     
                     
        xxx   xxx    
                     
      x    x x    x  
      x    x x    x  
      x    x x    x  
        xxx   xxx    
                     
        xxx   xxx    
      x    x x    x  
      x    x x    x  
      x    x x    x  
                     
        xxx   xxx    
                     
                     

Note that there have to be spaces for every dead cell, even at the end of lines. For more examples, see the `games` directory.

# Testing #
The script's code is covered by unit tests. To execute them, simply run `make test`. It will run the tests by using [nosetests](https://nose.readthedocs.org/en/latest/), so make sure you have it installed.

If you want to generate code coverage, run `make test-coverage` and open `coverage/index.html` in your favorite web browser. Once again, you need to have [nosetests](https://nose.readthedocs.org/en/latest/) installed.

## Copyright and License ##

Copyright 2014 Daniela Duricekova <daniela.duricekova@gmail.com>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
